Add docs on identifiers (#3789)
microsoft/typespec: docs/language-basics/identifiers.md

---
title: Identifiers
---

# Identifiers

> Identifiers are used to name models, enums, properties, and other entities in TypeSpec. An identifier is a sequence of characters that must start with a alphabetic characters, underscore, or dollar sign, followed by any alphabetic or numeric characters, underscores, or dollar signs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifiers are used to name models, enums, properties, and other entities in TypeSpec. An identifier is a sequence of one or more characters that must start with a letter, emoji, underscore, or dollar sign, and followed by letters, numbers, emoji, underscores, or dollar signs. TypeSpec implements [UAX31-R1b stable identifiers](http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr31/#R1b) with the [emoji profile](http://www.unicode.org/reports/tr31/#Emoji_Profile).
```
